WHAT IS MEMORY?:

Memory is a card game in which all of the cards are laid face down on a surface and two cards are flipped face up over each turn.
The object of the game is to turn over pairs of matching cards. Memory can be played with any number of players or as solitaire. 
It is a particularly good game for young children, though adults may find it challenging and stimulating as well.
The scheme is often used in quiz shows and can be employed as an educational game. It requires observation, concentration and a good memory to win.

Memory is also known as Match Match, Match Up, Concentration, Pelmanism, Shinkei-suijaku, Pexeso or simply Pairs.

WHAT IS THE GOAL?:

Singleplayer: 	When you play by yourself the object of the game is to get as much points as possible.
Multiplayer: 	The object of the game is to collect the most matching pairs.

HOW TO PLAY?:

Singleplayer:	When you start the game, you click on 2 random cards. If the 2 cards are excactly the same, you will get a point and the cards will disappear. If they are not, 
		the cards will flip and you may try again. The game continues in this fashion until the board is empty.
		You can check the highest score in the "Highscore"-window. Your

Multiplayer: 	The first player chooses a random card. The same player then selects another random card. If the two cards are excactly the same they get a point and choose 
		again 2 random cards. If the cards are not a match your turn is over and it is now the next players turn. The next player chooses their 2 random card. If they are 
		excactly the same they get a point and choose again 2 cards. The game continues in this fashion until all the cards are played.

HOW DO I WIN?:

Once all the cards have been played the player with the most matching pairs is the winner.





HINT:

Singleplayer:	When you get multiple pairs in a row.
Multiplayer: 	Just because it is another players turn doesn't mean you should stop paying attention. The cards that other players flip over could be the match you're 
		looking for. 
		Distract your opponent when it is their turn. When the timer is back to 0 it is your turn again.